Now that we have that, we can add a second listener,
but this time we'll use the annotation rather than an entry in the web.xml file.
If we go back into the project and add a new class called AnnotatedAppListener,
and again we'll have this implement ServletContextListener,
provide the contextInitialized method, and in here do the same thing.
So from the event, getServletContext, and call its log method,
we'll log a slightly different message,
but for this we'll add the WebListener annotation.
Again, if we deploy and refresh the browser,
we now find three entries, two from the listener registered in web.xml,
and one from our new listener.
So we see that we can create the listener by registering it in the web.xml file, or by registering it by using the annotation.